=========================
 Notices and Disclaimers
=========================

Intel technologies may require enabled hardware, software or service
activation.

No product or component can be absolutely secure.

Your costs and results may vary.

Intel, the Intel logo, and other Intel marks are trademarks of Intel
Corporation or its subsidiaries.  Other names and brands may be
claimed as the property of others.

No license (express or implied, by estoppel or otherwise) to any
intellectual property rights is granted by this document.

The products described may contain design defects or errors known as
errata which may cause the product to deviate from published
specifications.  Current characterized errata are available on
request.

Intel disclaims all express and implied warranties, including without
limitation, the implied warranties of merchantability, fitness for a
particular purpose, and non-infringement, as well as any warranty
arising from course of performance, course of dealing, or usage in
trade.

.. list-table:: 
   :header-rows: 1 
   :class: optimization-notice
   :align: left 
   
   * - Optimization Notice  
   * - Intel's compilers may or may not optimize to the same degree for    
       non-Intel microprocessors for optimizations that are not unique to  
       Intel microprocessors. These optimizations include SSE2, SSE3, and  
       SSSE3 instruction sets and other optimizations. Intel does not      
       guarantee the availability, functionality, or effectiveness of any  
       optimization on microprocessors not manufactured by Intel.          
       Microprocessor-dependent optimizations in this product are intended 
       for use with Intel microprocessors. Certain optimizations not       
       specific to Intel microarchitecture are reserved for Intel        
       microprocessors. Please refer to the applicable product User and    
       Reference Guides for more information regarding the specific       
       instruction sets covered by this notice.                            
                                                                           
       Notice revision #20110804

Unless stated otherwise, the code examples in this document are
provided to you under an MIT license, the terms of which are as
follows:

Copyright 2019 Intel Corporation

Permission is hereby granted, free of charge, to any person obtaining
a copy of this software and associated documentation files (the
"Software"), to deal in the Software without restriction, including
without limitation the rights to use, copy, modify, merge, publish,
distribute, sublicense, and/or sell copies of the Software, and to
permit persons to whom the Software is furnished to do so, subject to
the following conditions:

The above copyright notice and this permission notice shall be
included in all copies or substantial portions of the Software.

THE SOFTWARE IS PROVIDED "AS IS", WITHOUT WARRANTY OF ANY KIND,
EXPRESS OR IMPLIED, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO THE WARRANTIES OF
MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE AND
NONINFRINGEMENT. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE AUTHORS OR COPYRIGHT HOLDERS BE
LIABLE FOR ANY CLAIM, DAMAGES OR OTHER LIABILITY, WHETHER IN AN ACTION
OF CONTRACT, TORT OR OTHERWISE, ARISING FROM, OUT OF OR IN CONNECTION
WITH THE SOFTWARE OR THE USE OR OTHER DEALINGS IN THE SOFTWARE.
